enhancement(react/vue-searchbox): docs for advanced usage of SearchBase Context (#234)
appbaseio/Docs: content/docs/reactivesearch/react-searchbox/searchbase.md

```

## Advanced Usage

> While the `react-searchbox` library should be enough to build the powerful search UIs out of the box, there can be times where you need access to the state (context) of the components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the `react-searchbox` library should give you good controls out of the box to build the powerful search UIs, there can be times when you need access to the state (context) of the components.
```

**Example Use Cases**

One would need to use the state (context) of the search components, e.g. to show a list of all active user query inputs including the ability to unselect an input to affect the particular search component's input as well.

Another use can be to create a saved query feature where it's important persist the state of all the search and filter components.

**Basic Usage**

```jsx
import { SearchContext } from '@appbaseio/react-searchbox';

class AdvancedComponent extends React.Component {
    static contextType = SearchContext;
    render() {
        console.log(this.context.searchbase.getComponent('component-id'));
        return null;
    }
}
```

**Properties**

- **getComponents** `Function: () => Object<string, Object>` returns an object, which is a list of all `SearchComponent` instances contained within the `SearchBase` context as key value pairs with component ids as the `key` names.

- **getComponent** `Function: (String) => Object` returns the `SearchComponent` instance object contained within the `SearchBase` context for the provided component `id`.

> **Example:** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example** 
```
